= jekyll_generator

* http://drnic.github.com/jekyll_generator

== DESCRIPTION:

A nice generator for a Jekyll website including Disqus comments integration. Probably tightly integrated to github and Github Pages. Will be relaxed later.

== EXAMPLES:

* http://drnic.github.com/macruby-tmbundle

== SYNOPSIS:

    cd to/your/project
    jekyll_generator website --title "Name of Project"
    cd website
    jekyll
    open _site/index.html

It is assumed that your project is already a git repository stored on github. The generators
all use this assumption to derive information about the project.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* jekyll - this is not installed with jekyll_generator itself

    sudo gem source http://gems.github.com/
    sudo gem install mojombo-jekyll

== INSTALL:

    sudo gem install jekyll_generator

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Dr Nic Williams, http://drnicwilliams, http://mocra.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.